Add documentation about deeplink (#30)
wazo-communication/euc-plugins-js-sdk: documentation/docs/deeplink/deeplink.md

---
displayed_sidebar: deeplinkSidebar
---

> 

Reviewer: Maybe adding a introduction with main title
```suggestion
# Deep Link

Deep linking is an app technology that enables direct navigation to specific in-app content or actions, enhancing user experience. It allows users to seamlessly access relevant app pages or features via links, improving engagement and user retention.
```

> # Web Application
> 
> You can open the Web Application with a simple link, like [app.wazo.io](https://app.wazo.io).
> 
> ## Pre-filling the host name
> 
> By adding the parameter `host` in the Web Application link, the stack hostname will be pre-filled, like :  [app.wazo.io/?host=my-stack.io](https://app.wazo.io/?host=my-stack.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Web Application

You can open the Web Application with a simple link, like [app.wazo.io](https://app.wazo.io).

### Pre-filling the host name

By adding the parameter `host` in the Web Application link, the stack hostname will be pre-filled, like :  [app.wazo.io/?host=my-stack.io](https://app.wazo.io/?host=my-stack.io).
```

> # Desktop Application
> 
> You can open the Desktop Application with a deep link, like [wazo://](wazo://).
> 
> If you're whitelabel-ling the application, you can use your own protocol.
> 
> ## Pre-filling the host name
> 
> By adding the parameter `host` in the Desktop Application link, the stack hostname will be pre-filled, like : [wazo://?host=my-stack.io](wazo://?host=my-stack.io).
> 
> # Mobile Application
> 
> The Mobile Application uses the same link as the Desktop Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Desktop & Mobile Application

You can open the our native applications with a deep link, like [wazo://](wazo://).

If you're whitelabel-ling the application, you can use your own protocol.

### Pre-filling the host name

By adding the parameter `host` in the Desktop Application link, the stack hostname will be pre-filled, like : [wazo://?host=my-stack.io](wazo://?host=my-stack.io).
```
